Added project lookup by_name() method, as well as appropriate tests. (#347)
Datatamer/tamr-client: docs/user-guide/quickstart.md

```python
project = tamr.projects.by_name('Number 1')
```
``` note::

>     If working with projects over multiple instances, consider using ``by_external_id``.

Reviewer: We should emphasize that this is only a concern for working *across* instances and only for migrations/promotions.

```suggestion
    If working with projects over across Tamr instances for migrations or promotions, use external IDs ( via ``by_external_id``) instead of name (via ``by_name``).
```
